---
layout: post
title:  Exciting Results from the Fall '24 Stock Market Challenge!
categories: [Stock Market Challenges,Event,Portfolio]
excerpt: Good morning, EagleVentures community! We are thrilled to share the results of our Fall 2024 Stock Market Challenge, which has concluded with some impressive performances from our participants. Top Performers Congratulations to our winners 1st Place..
---

Good morning, EagleVentures community! We are thrilled to share the results of our Fall 2024 Stock Market Challenge, which has concluded with some impressive performances from our participants.

## Top Performers

Congratulations to our winners:
- **1st Place**: **Jack Barnes '26**
  - Jack showcased remarkable trading skills by turning an initial investment of $100,000 into a staggering **$173,500** in just under four months For his outstanding achievement, he takes home a prize of **$150**.
- **2nd Place**: **Seth Sebold '25**
  - Seth's strategic decisions earned him a well-deserved **$100**.
- **3rd Place**: **Dean Kloos '28**
  - Dean rounded out the top three with a solid performance, winning **$50**.

## Competition Highlights

Out of nearly 200 participants, an impressive **84 competitors** managed to outperform Mr. Singh’s portfolio. The average portfolio saw gains of over **$3,700**, showcasing the talent and dedication of our members.

## Special Raffle Winner

As promised, those who beat Mr. Singh were entered into a raffle for an additional prize of **$50**. After employing a rigorous "QUADRUPLE randomization method," we are excited to announce that **Robert Pearce '28** is the lucky winner!

## Student Investment Fund Update

In addition to the challenge results, we have our monthly update for the Student Investment Fund. As of November 30th, the portfolio stands at **$43,423.20**, reflecting a gain of **$2,747.24** over the month of November. For those interested in a detailed report, please check the [attached file](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1-ovm5zMvaU0y9WwJRjp3jqIymZ0CeTbX/view).

Thank you to everyone who participated in this challenge Your enthusiasm and competitive spirit made this event a success. Stay tuned for more updates and opportunities in the future!
