---
layout: post
title:  New and Upcoming Events
categories: [Outreach, Event]
excerpt: JA Inspire - Cuyahoga County JA Inspire is a single-day career exploration experience built with robust skill-building workshops and a showcase of career pathways from a variety of regional...
---

# Upcoming Events in 2025

## JA Inspire - Cuyahoga County
JA Inspire is a single-day career exploration experience built with robust skill-building workshops and a showcase of career pathways from a variety of regional organizations, and we're seeking industry partners to show off their career pathways in an exciting, fun way.

- **When**: Thursday, March 20, 2025
- **Where**: Cleveland Public Auditorium
- **Time**: 8:30 AM ET

## Stock Market Challenge 2025 -- CCE
$1 million of "mock stock," buying and selling shares in fictitious companies, and a simulated 60-day trading period. Some might say JA Stock Market Challenge is FUNancial literacy!

- **When**: Friday, April 25, 2025
- **Where**: Corporate College East
- **Time**: 9:00 AM ET

## thinkBIG! Challenge
An online business plan competition open to all high school students in Northeast Ohio, offering more than $8,000 in prizes.

Semifinalists will be invited to attend Executive Coaching to receive guidance from entrepreneurial professionals in the Cleveland business community.

The final 6 teams will pitch live at the thinkBIG! Summit in March.

- **Online Submissions Due**: By midnight, Wednesday, January 22, 2025
- **Executive Coaching Day**: Wednesday, February 12, 2025
- **Location**: To be determined

## Hackathon
The curriculum provided and facilitated by GiveBackHack leads students through a series of workshops to develop skills including user validation, business model development, and prototype creation.

Students will network and learn from local social-enterprise entrepreneurs as they develop a solution to pressing issues in their communities.

- **Date**: Wednesday, January 29, 2025
- **Location**: City Club of Cleveland

## thinkBIG! Summit
The culmination of the thinkBIG! Challenge, the thinkBIG! Summit is an inspirational one-day conference where the thinkBIG! finalists compete for cash prizes and the Veale Innovation trophy.

Attendees will participate in hands-on activities, hear from a seasoned, serial, successful entrepreneur, observe live pitches, network, and win prizes!

Participation in the thinkBIG! Challenge is not necessary to attend this event.

- **Date**: Tuesday, March 4, 2025
- **Location**: Tinkham Veale University Center (Case Western Reserve University)
